The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. As I walked into the house, I heard a noise coming from the attic. I was sure something was in there, but I didn’t want to go in. When I went upstairs to check it out…I saw somebody apparition in the attic!

The Haunted Attic

I wasn’t sure if it was real, but I was pretty sure I saw somebody or something in the attic. I called out, “Hello?”The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

It was a cold and rainy night, so I decided that I would go have a look at the old house down the street. I really wasn’t sure what I was looking for, but I thought it would be fun to see what was inside. The house looked like all of the others around it, only it was a little bigger and had some vines growing up the side of it.

I walked up to the front door, and it was lockedThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

I’d been in town for a few days, but I hadn’t had the time to explore. I was busy with work at first, and then I was tired when I got back to the hotel. I was going to go out and have some fun, but I was too tired and decided to stay in.

I turned on the TV and started watching a scary movie. It was pretty good, so I kept watching. I was gettingThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

The House at the End of the Street

“I don’t like this house,” I said to my friend. “It looks haunted.”

“I don’t think it’s haunted,” she replied. “It looks creepy because it’s old.”

I shrugged. “We can still look inside, right?”

She nodded,The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. I’d parked my car on the street to check out the house, and I was walking up the front steps when I heard a noise.

“That’s odd,” I thought, “I didn’t think anyone else was in the neighborhood.” I walked a little farther, and then…SNAP! I looked down, and I’d stepped on a twig.

The house was surrounded byThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. I wanted to know if the rumors were true, so I went inside.

It was an old house, made of red brick and covered in vines. I climbed up the rickety steps and then stood on the porch for a moment.

I wanted to be brave and go inside, but I was afraid of what I might find.

“You have to go inside,” I told myself. “You have to know the truth.The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

The house is very old, and no one has lived in it for years. The paint is peeling from the walls and dark mold covers the inside of the windows. Old newspapers and trash are piled up in the corners, and the floors are covered in dirt and dust. The house looks as if it would have been a beautiful home, once upon a time.

There is a large tree in the front yard, and its branches are filled with brown, dryThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

I was driving down the road one day and saw a sign that said “Halloween Parties, Fun for All Ages”. I decided to stop there and check it out. When I walked in, I was amazed at what I saw. There were all kinds of decorations, and a few people were already there dressed up in costumes. I asked the man at the counter what time the party started, and he told me that it started at six.

The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

I was sitting at my desk one Friday afternoon when my friend Joey called me.

“Hey,” he said, “do you want to go see the haunted house on Maple Street?”

“The haunted house?” I asked. “What’s it like?”

“It’s supposed to be really creepy,” he said. “It looks like it shouldThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

I was walking home from school one day. The road I live on is very long. I passed by the old house at the end of the street, and decided to walk past it and see if there was anything strange about it. I walked on the other side of the street, so that I could get a better look. There was nothing unusual about it. It was just an old, abandoned house. I walked up to it and tried to peek through the windowsThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. I never expected that I would find a mummy in there, but that’s exactly what happened. You’ll have to read this story to find out what happened.

The Haunted House

This is the story of the haunted house at the end of the street. Everyone always talks about it, but no one ever goes inside. I decided to go inside and see if it was true. People said it was haunted by ghosts from Egypt, but I didnThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

I was walking home from school when I noticed something strange. There was smoke coming from the old house at the end of the street. I had heard all the stories about the house, but I never thought they were true.

I slowed my pace and started to walk toward the house. I heard a voice inside and I knew it was calling me. I knew I should have turned around and ran, but I couldn’t. I needed to know whatThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside.

The old house at the end of the street was as old as the town itself. It had been there for as long as anyone could remember. It was made of wood and it had a Victorian style roof. The windows were either boarded up or broken and the walls were covered in graffiti. It looked very scary.

Everyone in town was afraid of the old house. It was said that the house was haunted. Many people claimed to have seen ghosts in the houseThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. Everyone always talks about the old house at the end of the street, but I couldn’t believe what happened when I went inside. I don’t know why I went inside, either. It was the first time I had ever been inside.

When I was younger, I used to see the house a lot. I would ride my bike past it all the time and my friends and I would always say that we were going to go inside one day. All three of us had been inside by the time we were in fifth grade.

I remember going in with my friends for the first