The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in timeThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. We got scared, so we went home. I hope you like my story.

Oscar



The Haunted Treehouse

The Haunted Treehouse is a true ghost story for kids. This story is about a haunted treehouse deep in the woods.

Ghosts, Spooks & Haunted Houses

The following is a series of scary stories about ghosts, spooks and haunted houses.

The Ghost in the Closet

One nightThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. The kids were not scared, but they were very curious. One of the kids told me that there are ghosts in the playground.

I did not believe in ghosts, so I said to the kids, “Why not go ask the ghost why it is doing that?”

The kids looked at each other and murmured their agreement. We all went over to the swingset and sat down. We waited, and the swing kept on swinging. Then,The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. We could not figure out how that was possible. Then we saw a ghost. We were so scared that we ran home. The next day we went back. We finally found out how the swing kept swinging on its own. Read the story to find out.

The Creepy Haunted House

By: Alyssa R.

I love Halloween, but I am scared of haunted houses. I was in my house when it started to storm. It was reallyThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. I tried to stop it, but it would not stop. The swing kept going and going.

When we got home, my mom gave us a snack, and we watched TV. I got scared because the TV turned on by itself. It was a really spooky story, and I hope you like it.

One night when I came home from school, I heard a loud noise in the kitchen. I went into the kitchen to see what it was. ThereThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. We told our teacher, but she said it wasn't possible. We believed that it was a ghost, and we were scared. We went home and told our mom all about it. She told us that ghosts didn't exist, but we still believed that it was a ghost. We were scared to go back to the school, because we thought that the ghost would get us if we did. So we never went back to the school.

I believe that this story isThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. Then we saw a shadow in the woods and it looked like an animal.



Suddenly, we heard a loud noise and ran home. I ran into the house and slammed the door. Then we heard a strange noise outside and it sounded like it was coming from the backyard. So we ran out there and saw a ghost.



It was chasing a cat. We ran back inside the house and locked the door. Then the cat jumped at us, but theThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

It wasn't as though someone was pushing the swing, and it wasn't that strong of a wind that day. The swingset was on top of a hill, so it wasn't as though the wind was making the swing move.

So, we just let it swing, and we played on the other swings.

The swingset was a lot of fun, and there were a lot of cool things to do on it. The swingset had aThe following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

The swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own.

“What’s going on?” I asked.

“I’m not sure,” said my friend. “But it’s spooky.”

“It’s not spooky,” I said. “It’s just the wind.”

The swing kept swinging on its own.

“It’s not the wind,The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. The swingset was empty. It was weird, but it made me laugh.The following is a spooky story written for kids, just in time for Halloween. We went to the playground after school, but the swing on the swingset kept swinging on its own. The swingset was old and rusty, so we decided that it must have been the wind that kept making the swing move back and forth. But that couldn’t be true because it was a sunny day. The swingset was in the middle of the playground, so there was no wind from any direction. That meant that the swingset wasn’t moving. Then I had an idea. I ran to the swingset and pushed the swingset as hard as I